README.md, before:

# Introduction

Hello! This is the submission for the H-E-B Digital interview take-home project from Derek Morrison (me@derek-morrison.com).

# Running the Project

1. Clone this repository.
1. Run `npm install`.
1. Run `npm run dev`.
1. View the project at localhost:3000.

The users are hard-coded as mock data, and here are a couple to test:
- Account #: 1111; PIN: 1234
- Account #: 2222; PIN: 1234
- Account #: 3333; PIN: 1234

I tested the app using Node 18.11.0 and NPM 8.19.2 on macOS 12.6 (Intel architecture).

# Problem Description

Provide a basic ATM (Automated Teller Machine) implementation. At a minimum, this program should offer the following features:

- Enter a PIN to identify a unique customer
- Query and show the current account balance
- Simulate the withdrawal of cash
- Simulate a deposit
- A daily withdrawal limit

# Known Issues

- The passwords for mock data are stored and compared in plain text. For security, you'd want to store a hash of passwords and compare that.
- There's a temporary implementation for tracking the amount of withdrawals made in a day. There's a field on the user record that stores the amount of withdrawals made. This would need to be fleshed out with a real implementation that tracks the amount of transactions made in a day. As it stands, it will reset to $0 when the app is restarted.

# Ideas for Improvement

- Improve form validation across the app.
- Improve and refactor styling.
- The current balance & amount of daily withdrawals made is cached in the session cookie. This should be thought out more, as it needs to be kept in sync with what's in the db.
- User data is stored in the session cookie. Even though the session is encrypted, I'm not sure you'd want to store potentially sensitive user info like this (and instead you might want to look it up again from the db or cache more securely).

Commit message:

Work around for issue with flash messages sticking

README.md, after:

# Introduction

Hello! This is the submission for the H-E-B Digital interview take-home project from Derek Morrison (me@derek-morrison.com).

# Running the Project

1. Clone this repository.
1. Run `npm install`.
1. Run `npm run dev`.
1. View the project at localhost:3000.

The users are hard-coded as mock data, and here are a couple to test:
- Account #: 1111; PIN: 1234
- Account #: 2222; PIN: 1234
- Account #: 3333; PIN: 1234

I tested the app using Node 18.11.0 and NPM 8.19.2 on macOS 12.6 (Intel architecture).

# Problem Description

Provide a basic ATM (Automated Teller Machine) implementation. At a minimum, this program should offer the following features:

- Enter a PIN to identify a unique customer
- Query and show the current account balance
- Simulate the withdrawal of cash
- Simulate a deposit
- A daily withdrawal limit

# Known Issues

- The passwords for mock data are stored and compared in plain text. For security, you'd want to store a hash of passwords and compare that.
- There's a temporary implementation for tracking the amount of withdrawals made in a day. There's a field on the user record that stores the amount of withdrawals made. This would need to be fleshed out with a real implementation that tracks the amount of transactions made in a day. As it stands, it will reset to $0 when the app is restarted.
- Session flash messages (for depositing and withdrawing) can re-appear when navigating between pages. If you do a page refresh, though, it should go away. This is some kind of caching issue that I'd need to troubleshoot (I think multiple "Set-Cookie" headers are being sent).

# Ideas for Improvement

- Improve form validation across the app.
- Improve and refactor styling.
- The current balance & amount of daily withdrawals made is cached in the session cookie. This should be thought out more, as it needs to be kept in sync with what's in the db.
- User data is stored in the session cookie. Even though the session is encrypted, I'm not sure you'd want to store potentially sensitive user info like this (and instead you might want to look it up again from the db or cache more securely).
